# What I want to be and why I'm doing whatever I'm doing

>Procrastination is the thief of time

While preparing for an interview with a technology company a year and a half ago, I was briefly going through *Crossing the Chasm* by Geoffrey Moore. At the least, I was trying to, given my short attention span. The group referred to as *Innovators - Tech enthusiasts* triggered a wave of nostalgia. 

Gifs of my relatives enquiring me, 
through my adolescent/young adult years repeatedly, rushed through like a collage some get presented on anniversaries.
>What do you want to become?

Almost like how Doordarshan portrayed Lord Krishna's uncle Kamsa sensing from the asureedhi when Krishna is born, I immediately sensed 
>This is what you want to become

It took a few more months of reading through Nicholas Taleb's Incerto series for me to firmly decide on working towards a more polished/real-world version of what my asureedhi suggested. That I didn't clear the interview also helped.

>(Yes; it takes me that long to read through even enjoyably readable and interesting books) 

The Geoffrey Moore book suggested something like IBM insiders / tech entrepreneurs in this category. Irrespective of what he had in mind, I want to be at the forefront of the kind of technology that gets adopted by my brothers and sisters across the world. That is something, I feel, worthy enough to spend my time on. 
>Worthy of interest, not existence.

## From denial to acceptance - embracing illiteracy to crush it
It was somehow clear that taking the corporate-ladder-climbing route for this *worthy* cause wouldn't work for me. So I have chosen the natural route of starting from scratch. Literally, because my knowledge till this point of time, was definitely scratchy with respect to *technology* in any form. It was a topic I used to actively rush away from in any conversation 
>because most likely I wouldn't have anything to add or subtract. The jargons terrified me. It was a complete black box.

I started by learning Python. It somehow felt to be at the right depth in terms of wide ranging utility and ease of getting started. And it has been so, for the last year and a half.

I read up a basic introductory Python book and followed it up with a Coursera course on Python for Data. I could instantly recognize hundreds of instances where I (and few of my colleagues) had burnt the midnight oil over the preceeding 3 years of my corporate career. I wondered at what would've been possible with this (in terms of saving oil).

I took up a basic web development course on Udemy. It surely wiped out some more patches from the embarassing illiteracy board.
>There are holes now in the black box.

## A Career in Finance
Till this point, I had gained some academic and professional exposure as a Finance practitioner at lower levels of the ladder. This was one sector where black boxes were less frequent to me and had a wide canvas. I felt genuinely confident of cutting through BS and being able to identify sweetspots of workable unsolved problems. I continue to feel so after months of sifting through the landscape.
>Whatever I'm doing now is a continuation of my career in finance, howsoever unconventional

Thus, using technology as a tool to solve problems in finance is what I intend to do and currently I'm working on that. 
>I find this in perfect consonance with my internals.






